You are listening to a live impacting message preached by Bishop Richard Aye.
Bishop Richard Aye is the pastor of the First Love Church London.
It's a nomination founded by Bishop Dag Huard Mills.
The First Love Church is full of zealous young people who love and desire to work for the Lord.
You will be encouraged and uplifted as you listen to this powerful message.
Good afternoon and welcome to the best place to be on a Sunday, First Love Church.
I am so excited to be here today and to hear what God has in store for us.
Last week Bishop Richard preached on tithing and what Jesus taught about tithing.
I learnt that tithing is a fundamental key for every single Christian.
Today you can expect powerful ministrations, life-changing testimonies and the word of God.
So without further ado, let's enter into today's service.
directions today, but it's a blessing to be in church today because a couple of years ago, I don't know about you, I'm talking about myself.
Yes, I say I'm grateful because God loves me.
He set me apart.
He's chosen me here or chosen for great things.
And it's because of God's love that he's commanded before you.
So you say thank you for loving me.
So render your hearts and worship today.
Speak to him of a grateful heart.
As we say to him, thank you for having me.
To wonder what else the father has made before us.
That we should be called his sons and daughters.
The world has never seen.
When he hung on that trio I would eat to do such a thing for dirty sitts I still love.
It always protects and trusses
been chosen because it is love towards us.
That's why He's commanded us to love Him too, to love Him with all our hearts and with all our sin.
You want to sing how I love you, Lord, and that I have also harnessed to love Him.
We all love Him.
We will give everything to Him.
Sing it for my love.
Sing it for my soul.
nor forsake us.
And sometimes in your faith and situation, you don't know a way out.
The God that we serve, He makes a way.
I want to say that they're the mountain that they're able to speak to the mountain with faith, whatever battle we're fighting.
They're able to fight the battle with faith because God will make a way.
Who knows that He's making a way for you every day.
He's making a way for you.
Don't know how but you did it You make a way Sing something here, stand in here Not knowing how we'll get through this task But we're just holding on But holding on to faith, you know best Nothing can catch you by surprise You got this
Think it out, and you're watching us now.
Oh.
And when it looks as if we can't wait.
You're reposting those arms of yours.
And grab us in your arms as step in.
And everything we need you survive.
You've got a load.
You've got this in control.
And now we know that you
You made a win With no backwards against the wall And our backs were against the wall And it looked sad as if it was over
Even though we don't deserve it Lord
And Bishop just said, just one line.
It wasn't the main message, just one line.
He said that when the enemy wants to poke us, poke your neighbor, just poke.
He wants to poke us.
I'm thinking, your poke at your faith, your tack, your faith has a death.
This is not true, but I don't know what it is.
I don't think your faith gets a bit shaky.
So my faith was a bit shaky this week.
So I'll always read the book of Job, because it's not that bad.
So when I read the book of Job, it's okay.
forgive me, Job.
Yes.
And one thing I love about the book of Job in Job 1 verses 20 to 22 says that the last verse 20 says that he didn't blame God.
I don't know when you're going through something, he's going, God, why me?
Oh, why?
What did I do?
Oh, it's not good.
Yeah.
But Job didn't do that.
Job didn't do that.
But verse 20 says that he bowed his head and worshiped God.
But then verse 21 says, he also praised the Lord.
And that's my answer to the power behind praise and worship, that when you don't know what to do, when you want to blame God,
You should rather worship Him, bow down before Him, come before Him with your problems, come before Him with your concerns, come before Him with your worries, and worship Him.
And as you worship Him, you have to praise Him.
But it takes faith to praise Him.
But there is faith in this room.
We're becoming men of faith, we're becoming women of faith, and we will have faith.
Do you believe it?
Let it give us faith!
to be here in your presence for God.
As we are here and as your people are gathered, we invite and welcome in the Holy Spirit to come and take its rightful place and have its way, O God, help us to follow the Holy Spirit.
And as the Word comes today, may it leave a great impartation in our lives.
May we be able to bring back to this day.
to diagnose and be able to point out a significant change through the mighty word of God as it comes to us.
May your perfect will be done in this service.
We give you thanks and we give you praise.
And everyone gave a victorious shout of praise unto our God.
What an exciting church.
Were you blessed by the announcements?
How many of you were reminiscing about the summer and the powerful events that we've had, Mountain of the Lord?
the anointing.
Let's pray for the our friend Heavenly Father we thank you for this opportunity to give bless us as we've sewn into your house in the name of Jesus we pray we always have money to give amen.
Beautiful.
So as I was saying it's been a blessed summer hasn't it?
But the excitement and the happiness and the joy that you've experienced this summer is just the beginning
Because as you saw, there were lots of events coming up.
So take my life.
It's very, very soon.
How many of you are going to be there?
Invite everybody that you know this concert is going to be phenomenal, sensational, beautiful.
Amen.
You don't look like you believe me.
Will you be there?
All right, I'm convinced.
Are you ready to get started?
Well, we've started to continue.
Yeah?
Well, next up.
And today, we have a very powerful testimony from a smooth brother.
Would you like to know who that smooth brother is?
It's our brother Emmanuel, and he's coming to give a testimony.
Please don't be clapping.
Wow.
So this is a smooth brother that I was talking about, Emmanuel.
And he's going to share his testimony.
The red mic is for you.
The blue mic is for me.
So Emmanuel, tell us who you are.
Tell us what your testimony is about.
So my name is Emmanuel, and I am part of the BPP in KZO Center.
And I am also an usher.
Wow, and what's your testimony about?
So my testimony is about how I got saved.
How you got saved?
Nice and simple.
So tell us what your life was like before you got saved.
Okay.
Wow, somebody knows the testimony already.
Slow down, okay?
Slow down, slow down, we'll get it.
So I grew up in a sort of Christian household growing up.
So if you grew up in a sort of militant Christian household like I did, then you would know that.
I grew up in a type of household that
8 a.m. the alarm bell goes off.
8.05 we have to be in the shower.
8.25 we have to be out of the shower.
8.55 we're in the car getting ready to check.
So there was no question about church.
Okay.
So every Sunday you had a routine with your family that was very set.
So but it didn't mean anything to me personally.
So the older I got
the more I began to sort of distance myself away from it.
So I just didn't, I stopped going to church the second I could make a conscious decision to stop going to church.
And I started to get influenced by external practice, such as the people that I was around.
If you know you know it like that, you don't know.
No, no, no, we don't know.
So explain how the external factors were influencing.
Break it down, let me break it down.
Break it down, bud.
So, you know how I started to get involved with the cool guy lifestyle?
Cool guy lifestyle.
Wow, it's a lifestyle.
So what was the cool guy lifestyle like?
Me and my friends, we used to call ourselves the scatty boys.
The scatty boys.
Okay.
Why did you call yourself the Scatty Boys?
Scatty was a phrase in South London.
It just meant that you would enjoy life to the fullest.
Enjoy life to the fullest.
For example, for example, you know we would fly out to certain holiday destination.
You know, live the lifestyle.
Live the lifestyle.
So what would you do when you flew out to the holiday destination?
Were you praying and fasting?
Is it like Mountain of the Lord?
I know, I wouldn't say so.
I wouldn't say so.
I would have to stay negative on that one.
So were you drinking?
Smoking?
Okay.
I see.
Are you getting the picture of the Scotty Boy lifestyle?
You're not.
So you were drinking, smoking, females, like your friends, because there are females here.
Sometimes when you're born again, it's hard to talk about the old life.
So what were you doing with the females?
sexual encounters with females.
Sexual encounters with the females.
Okay, so the Scotty Boy lifestyle is smoking.
That's one, isn't it?
Drinking, that's two.
And sexual encounters with females, that's three.
Say wow!
So, how did you come into contact with First Love Church?
So I would say like one of the lies I wish to tell myself is that I was a good guy.
So I wasn't as bad as my other fellow scattered members.
So I told myself that, yeah, I'm the good guy, but I'm not as bad.
So like, I don't really need to change, et cetera, et cetera.
But fortunately for me, one of my friends at the time, they was Frank, kept on inviting me to church.
And I think he invited me to church for up to like a year.
And every time I'm like, ah, it's not really compatible with the scattered way, like, yeah, if you know, you know, alright, alright, alright.
So, but I think there was just one Sunday where I don't even, like, up until the state, I don't even know why I decided to pick up my phone and message Frank back.
But then, yeah, I decided, okay, let me actually see what this guy's saying because I feel bad if someone wants to message you every week for a year, after a while, let me go and see what this guy's saying.
So yeah, fortunately, I went to church that Sunday and it was like, it was like it was just me and Bishop in the room, like everything that he was saying, it was like he was just prodding me, prodding me, prodding the scatty boy.
The lifestyle, wow.
He was prodding me, he was prodding me.
Wow.
And so then...
after you just asked if you want to give all you have to press for your hand up and I didn't want to put my hand up but it's like I was forced to you because everything that you were saying was just so impactful and meant so much so you said yes and I gave my life to Christ and I haven't looked back since by the grace of God Wow I thought you'd be clapping by now so are you still a Scotty boy negative negative Wow God for Jesus
What advice would you give to somebody that is living a scatty boy or a scatty girl lifestyle?
What would you tell them today?
First, I'll say mercy.
Then after I would say, come back to Jesus.
I don't know why whoever is here is here.
I don't know who invited you.
I don't know how long he invited you to church for.
But the one thing I would say is that there's a reason for why you are here.
God has chosen you to be here.
So whatever Bishop says, I'll say that you should.
Listen to what you're saying, so quote you're saying, people that have to cry.
It's the best of you.
Wow.
What a powerful testimony.
Beautiful.
Thank you, Emmanuel.
Wow.
That's the first time I've heard that phrase.
Scotty boy.
Scotty girl.
Wow.
We're ready to move on.
Are you ready?
Now, remember earlier on, I told you that we're having a very powerful concert.
who take my life on the 13th of September, 13th of September.
Do you remember, or have you forgotten?
How many of you remember?
How many of you would like a sneak preview of what to expect at Take My Life?
Sneak preview.
Okay, it's coming later.
First of all, let's welcome the dancing star.
We are handling data, leading this into the light.
We are handling data, leading people to the light.
We are handling data, handling data, handling data.
We are handling data, handling data.
It's possible real change is possible.
No matter what it is, keep pushing hard.
I never give up on the limb bed.
I repeat in relation to the light.
I'm tiny, but I don't understand.
When you can't up to you.
When you have me, when I hide, no, no, no, no.
Condole, Condole, in the dark, oh Condole, in the dark Condole, in the dark, oh Condole, in the dark Condole, in the dark Condole, in the dark Condole, in the dark Condole, in the dark Condole, in the dark Condole, in the dark Condole, in the dark Condole, in the dark Condole, in the dark Condole, in the dark Condole, in the dark Condole, in the dark Condole, in the dark Condole, in the dark
Go to Jerusalem, go to Judea, go to Zion, go to Zion area, go to the ends of the world, winning people for good.
It's the Christian mission, it's the Christian mission, here going to Jerusalem, to Judea, to Zion area, and to the outermost.
Put your one hand on her.
You know, say you cannot stop.
That doesn't matter what the city wage.
You say you'll pretend.
And when your leg is both on the edge.
And your face of your hand on her.
God, he's getting my side, oh.
I'm a local car I'm a local radio Every day I do Every word I say Every day I touch every day
I'm winning in the morning, winning in the afternoon of night.
I'm winning in the morning, I'm winning in the afternoon of night.
I'm winning in the morning, I'm winning in the afternoon.
The greater one he is in me, I am the champion I am the champion
Church don't take no holidays.
They are not alone
And His righteousness lay but not to be rich.
It is the blessing of the Lord that may get rich and not your efforts.
Trust in love with all your hearts.
And build your hands on the road.
And the rain will come down.
Build your hands on the road.
Build your house not at all The winds will blow vehemently But your house rooms stand strong
I guess that to him daddy, give me my portion I want to leave home now We began to have a lot of fun with many beautiful girls, yes But one day there was a crisis The young man lost everything and he had to feed the pigs
Nobody gave to him His whole life was destroyed So what are you gonna do when the rain comes down?
What are you gonna do when the floods come up?
What are you gonna do when the wind blows on you?
Will your house stay strong?
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh,
Yes, build your house on the rock And the rain will come down Build your house on the rock When the clouds come on Build your house on the rock The wind will blow very mentally
Your house will stand strong Your house will stand strong Your house will stand strong Your house will stand strong Your house will stand strong Your house will stand strong
strong fill with your house all around
Sweet is the word of God, oh, oh, yes, and the so are.
Is the preacher and the teacher?
He sows the word of God in your life every day.
Into the house of God Get ready to receive the word Of God over it Open your heart And take it all in This sight to be a fertile ground Receiving the world That's the only way You will be
Truly blessed.
I don't wanna be a wayside ground.
I don't wanna be a stony ground.
Lord, make me a good ground, a very good ground.
I don't wanna be a wayside crowd I don't wanna be a thorny crowd I don't wanna be a stony ground Lord, make me
One day, I sat beside a young girl in the church.
Nothing that the preacher said touched her heart that day she was on her phone.
Throughout the preaching, chatting with her friends instead of listening to the words.
She didn't understand A single thing that day Cause when I knew the seed had fallen on the wayside I don't wanna be a wayside world I don't wanna be an ordinary crowd I don't wanna be an ordinary crowd
I don't wanna be a thorny ground I don't wanna be a thorny ground I don't wanna be a thorny ground I don't wanna be a thorny ground I don't wanna be a thorny ground
At the back of the church one Sunday morning Right beside a man who had a stony heart He was not interested With the word of God He would not smile He would not laugh He would not even say again I'll show no sign I'll be moved by the word
That's when I knew I was sitting by a stony ground.
I don't wanna be a wayside crowd.
I don't wanna be a dordic crowd.
I don't wanna be a stony ground.
Lord, thank me of your ground.
A very good ground.
I don't wanna
I sat by three young men in the church.
Nothing that the preacher said touched their heart that day.
They had something bad to say about everything.
They said the preacher didn't know the word.
His message did not make sense.
He criticized him throughout the preaching.
Where I knew the scene had fallen on, thorny ground I don't wanna be a wayside ground I don't wanna be a thorny ground I don't wanna be a thorny ground I don't wanna be a thorny ground Lord, make me
I don't wanna be alone
Jesus comes to you, each and every day.
Why the heart do you have?
Do you see the word of God?
I'm you a stony ground, a thorny ground, or a wayside ground.
I know you will be the good.
I don't wanna be a wayside crowd I don't wanna be a thorny crowd I don't wanna be a stony ground Lord, make me a good crowd A very good crowd
We don't wanna
God.
to say, I love you, I'm marrying you and I'll take you home.
Brothers, I don't know, you don't sound that confident.
Are you going to say it to one person, the right person?
Okay, just checking.
I believe you.
Wow, well, we come to the most important part of the service
This is the moment that I've been waiting for and the moment that you have been waiting for.
We're at the faith encounter service and by the time you leave today, your faith will be at its height.
Amen.
So with a shout on to God and a round of applause, let's welcome our pastor, Bishop Richard.
Thank you.
Lift up your two hands, everybody.
We surrender to you, Lord.
Let your will be done, Lord.
We expect miracles.
We expect blessings.
We expect your reign of favor.
We expect your great help, Lord.
Help us, Father, as we've come to you today.
Thank you for healing through your word.
Thank you for blessing through your word.
Thank you for light, revelation, and direction.
through your word today.
Thank you for salvation.
I give you thanks and I give you praise Lord for today.
In Jesus name I pray.
And everyone said, Amen.
God bless you.
Put your hands together.
Mighty, mighty hand clap.
And you may take your seats.
Hallelujah.
Beautiful.
Are you excited to be in church?
It's hot outside by cooling here, isn't it?
So as you stay here as long as we can.
Because it's nicer in here.
Wonderful.
Well, I want to continue sharing on given.
And we are talking about tithing as we are sharing on given.
Because when you are a tiver, you are a giver.
and the power and the blessing of a giver comes to play in your life when you are a taythah hallelujah.
Proverbs 11 verse 24.
How many are going to be givers?
How many are givers already?
How many are going to continue to be givers?
Yeah.
Look at the Bible.
There is that scottereth, and yet he increases.
And there is that withholdeth more than it meets, that is he keeps more than it's necessary because you have to keep some, you have to keep some to buy your wig, to buy your eyelashes, to get your nails done.
Yes.
But then you can keep more than it's necessary, more than you actually need.
And the Bible says that that one leads to poverty, hallelujah.
So you see someone who appears, it's like this is a good description of the person, of a good giver.
He seems to be scattering.
You know, scattering looks like you're doing something very bad, isn't it?
So you're doing something very, you're just throwing away money, throwing away things, you have this, you give to this one, you have this fake, you just say, some who scatter it, his scutches.
And the Bible says that, that one, rather, he increases.
No, ask yourself the question, how can you be scattering and keep scattering if you don't have?
You must have to scatter.
Because if you've been scattering, what you have must have finished.
But he's saying that there is someone who scatters and he keeps scattering.
Means that as he's scattering, he's rather gaining.
So he keeps scattering and he keeps gaining.
And there's someone who will say that, I won't scatter.
I will keep.
There's a clever boy.
Who doesn't scatter?
He keeps his clever.
He understands steps to being a good investor.
So he keeps, and he keeps more than is necessary.
And the Bible says that one turns into poverty.
So it's a great blessing to be a giver.
It's a great blessing to be a giver.
Verse 25 says that, the liberal soul, the liberal soul, sharp, the made, fat, the liberal soul.
That is, again, someone who gives freely, freely, freely.
You know, there are people when they want to give.
They take a calculator.
And they make sure that what they are doing makes sense to them.
They also don't do well in life.
It's their liberal person, the person who gives
freely, just freely, that the Bible thinks that shall be made fat.
I may feel like to be made fat.
I mean, financially fat.
Yes, but it's also good to be body fat.
Why do you want to look like a skeleton?
I don't know who imposed that revelation on the well today.
I don't want to be big.
It's good to be big and juicy.
What do you want to be like a skeleton?
Who says skeleton is nicer than...
I don't know what the other name is.
But there's a name for it.
Yes.
I don't know.
I don't know who started that trend.
Everybody thinks that it's as go
That way, it says, oh, we can't use that way.
The F word.
It's not an F word.
It's an F word.
What's your problem?
Yes.
I don't know.
I don't know who told her you should choose being skinny and bony.
Done to be the other one.
Juicy, meaty.
Why don't you want things to shake when you are moving?
And it looks as though a shadow has passed by a puzzle we have to feel who is that going who is a person?
They the Lord make you fuck
You can interpret it anyway you want to, but may the Lord give you fuckness.
Is it there's a word in the Bible, Hebrew word?
Dachin.
Yes.
The word means to be made fat.
and prosperous.
It's anointing.
It's one of the variations of the anointing.
Thou anointing test my head with oil.
Thy thou makest me fat and prosperous.
Do you be fat and prosperous?
I don't know why.
I don't know why you are afraid of the F word.
Is he one day?
There is some pastes.
One of them was very Boonie.
Boonie, like Boonie M. The Boonie guy, his friends, one of them was, you know, he was.
And then another one was medium sized.
And then there was another one who was also, and then this bony guy was teasing them that they are more well.
He was teasing them, you know, that bony M was teasing laughing at them.
So they decided, let's all go and have.
are cholesterol levels tested to see who is no well.
I don't know why they chose cholesterol.
They should have done another test.
I said, let's go and take this.
Then they came back.
They said, hey, why do I come in back?
The meaty guys were laughing.
They were laughing.
And Bonnie M was cool.
So we asked, wow, how did they come?
And he said, look, you see me how I am like this?
That's true, I'm the best.
I'm the one who is about to die.
If you do, he's like, if you see, he has that concave figure, like a prayer warrior.
It's until he's always fasting.
But he was the one who wants to go well at all.
So I don't know.
I'm just my scripture on giving that you have 10-10, too.
I don't know who brought that revelation.
That Boonie is better than Mega.
I mean, who wants a small change?
You want a Mega change, isn't it?
Don't want a change like this guy.
I said that, Mega change.
Who wants a change like this?
I said that, who's not listening?
We know what, we don't want this change.
We want a Mega change.
How do you want your finances to be like this or like that?
You want juicy finances, mega finances.
Yes, this is what we like.
Brother, don't change.
You have to be mega.
So anyway, the liberal soul.
Today, I've been told that I have to close Ellie.
Yeah, I was told.
When I got here, I've been given a time to end my service.
And I don't know, they sent somebody, so I don't know who sent the present.
But somebody was sent to tell me that I should cross a certain line, so.
Because they have some things they've planned doing, so they said,
I have to answer that they can go and do the things they have planned.
So no problem.
When you see me saying, stand to your feet, it's not me, I've been told.
Like, look, we have certain things we have to sort out today, so you have to answer.
I'm very obedient.
Just tell them that one, I also tell them to do something.
They should also do it.
Because I'll do what they said I should do.
They do what I say they should do.
It's a good deal.
No problem.
So don't see it today that I can preach for a short time.
So I'm going to preach for a short time.
You see, you don't like short preaching.
You don't like skinny preaching, isn't it?
You want mega preaching.
Yes.
May you have mega blessings.
Mega blessings.
Your blessings be big.
When you say the liberal soul shall be made fat.
A he that watereth shall be watered also himself as your watering, as you are given.
You also be taken care of.
Look at the scripture, look at Luke chapter six.
I'm sure we know that scripture very well, but you know it today again.
Luke chapter six verse 38, yes.
He says that, give, give, he says do what?
Give, give.
If you are doing a microscopic Bible study on this verse,
One of the questions you ask yourself is that is there any commandment to obey?
The answer is yes.
And the answer, you see, that's how to have a good and meaningful quiet time.
Don't rush through your quiet time and read the Bible and say, blessed, blessed, Lord, I'm blessed.
I've read the Bible today.
You take your time and you ask yourself questions.
If you don't know what microscopic Bible study is, ask what's your name?
Daniella, Daniella, we call it Dan Dan, Daniella, Daniella.
Ask Daniella after church, you give you what it is.
Give you all the credit.
Oh, you're quiet now, we can't mean it for you, all right?
Because there are questions you ask yourself.
Ask yourself, you see, understanding is coming and revelation will come as you study the Bible.
So you see when you read it like this, is that a command to obey?
Is it yes or no?
Yes.
And what's a command?
Gave.
And another question you ask yourself, you have your quiet time doing a microscopic Bible study, having your quiet time.
Another question you ask yourself, are there any promises in the verse?
Is it yes or no?
Yes.
And the promise is to who?
No, the giver.
The person who is obeying the commandment
It's entitled to some promises.
So it says that give, and then what will happen?
And it shall be given unto you.
So you look like you are scattering, you are losing, but rather you are gaining.
You say give, and it shall be given unto you.
How?
How will it be given unto you?
How will your blessings be like?
It says good measure, good measure, good measure.
Can you see how somebody gets revelation?
Until how revelation comes, you ask yourself questions and you get the answer.
Question, answer, question, answer, question, say Revelation is coming and understanding is coming.
It will come good measure, pressed down, shaking together and running over shall men give into your bosom.
You shall be a receiver of mega blessings.
For with the same measure that you meet with all, it shall be measured to you.
Again, then you see that the scripture says that He that gives sparingly shall reap sparingly.
Just following from this, the same measure.
That is what the cup, the cup that you use to fetch, whatever you are fetching is the same cup that will be used to fetch for your blessings back.
So when you become too clever, too clever,
in dealing with God and say, oh, sorry, when it gets to God, when it gets to God, I'll give two pounds of rings, two pounds of rings, two pounds of rings.
One lady said once that that's what me God is leading me to give this small, I'm like, that's what I'm like.
Is it plain that Pharisee take, Pharisee take, stance, being legalistic with God.
They say, as you are talking, we can all see that you don't read your Bible.
Because if you read your Bible, you will see that, because he does so sparingly.
So why will you give five when you can give 50?
If you read your Bible, why would you give five if when you can give 50?
Because to somebody, your five is like five million.
And to someone five million is peanuts, it's nothing.
So the person who's giving five million pairs could have given 500 million.
The person who's giving five could have given 500.
And the person who's giving five, it could even for him, it's like, he's giving five, he's giving everything he has.
That's what Jesus did.
When Jesus was taking on everyone, and we were given a widow came, and she said, come sister, come, they said to the congregation, this one.
has given more than everybody else, more than everybody else, because she thinks she has given everything that she can give, just giving all.
Even though it was small, but for her, it was big.
So giving depends on who you are and what you have, and what you are capable of doing.
Take me back to my spiraling.
So he with so sparingly shall also reap sparingly.
You are the big cup that you can fetch.
You can fetch a lot of whatever you are fetching, but then you just scoop a little bit.
The angels are also watching.
And it's your time to receive a small cup.
The same cup I use will also be used to fetch something small, gift to you.
when I was having a meeting, and a lady stood up to speak.
It was like, it wasn't a marriage meeting, but it was a meeting.
Yes, she stood up and she said, that's for me.
That's for me.
She was speaking with guests just, and a British accent.
She said, that's for me.
I've told my husband, whatever you put in.
It's what you get out.
I said, wow.
I said, come on, honey.
Say it again.
And she thought, you know, everybody, everybody that was becoming terrible, the rest knew who was who was preaching.
She didn't know the preacher.
So as I said to her, say it again, honey, say it again.
Come on, darling.
I'm feeling you.
Say it again.
She said, I've told my husband was sitting by her like a lump.
And she stood up and he says it's in there.
She said, it's for me, I told him, whatever.
And it's what you get out.
I said, come on, preach it, say it again.
I said, I need to hear it.
I said, you know what I will say that I can't believe what I'm hearing.
I can't believe what I'm hearing.
Say it again, let's be sure, let's be sure before I react.
And she said,
With her nails, she said, I for me, I've told him, what ever is what I said, no problem, no problem, no problem.
Whatever you put in, is what you get out.
You've also put a lot of things to this meeting.
You'll get something out just now.
But there is in the cup that you used to measure.
It's the same thing.
So if you have even half a brain, you will know that.
You will discover that you would think that it is better to give and to give more.
Yes.
When it gets to always be at your best.
Always be at your best.
Because when you sow sparingly, you reap sparingly.
And when you sow bountifully, you also reap bountifully.
And if you want bountiful rippings, mega rippings, you know how to get there, isn't it?
That's it.
So given is really the real thing that we need to understand when we are becoming tithes.
need to understand given and be a giver, big givers.
So today, very quickly, since I've been told when to stop, how does that be?
My title today is The Bad Thought of Non-Tivers.
The Bad Thought.
It's like what is in the head of somebody
He doesn't want to be a giver.
He doesn't want to tie 40s in the head.
What's going on?
How is he thinking?
How is he reasoning?
Your mind must be working in a way for you to do some things in Genesis chapter 6.
I'm showing you another importance of thoughts.
Before I share some of the bad thoughts, I'll share about just three bad thoughts, or four, or five, or seven.
In Genesis chapter six, it said, and it came to pass when men began to multiply on the face of the earth, and daughters were born unto them, that the sons of God saw the daughters of men, and they were fair.
And it took them wives of all which they chose.
And the Lord said, my spirits shall not always scribe with man.
For that he also is flesh, yet his days shall be 120 years.
There were giants to the earth in those days.
And also after that, when the sons of God came into the daughters of men.
and their grandchildren to them, and the same became mighty men, which were of old men of renown.
That's five.
And God saw that the wickedness of man was great in the earth, and that every imagination, pointed out that God takes note of the imaginations and the thoughts of people.
And every imagination of the thoughts of his hat
was only evil continually.
It's a one-man thinks, anything that he thinks about then.
And God has been worth watching.
He's watching, and he says, how come these words that have created their thoughts, all their thinking, all their plan, everything they plan and they plot is evil, continually, every time something bad.
Anything they plan to do is bad things.
This is when God decided, okay, let's see what's in verse six, eight.
And it repented the Lord that he had made man on the earth, and it grieved him at his heart.
And the Lord said, I will destroy man who I have created from the feet of the earth, both man and beast and the creeping fin and the fouls of the earth for it repented me that I have made them.
By their thoughts,
MDI imaginations, because the scriptures ask a man thinketh in his heart, so is he.
That's another scripture.
Ask a man thinketh in his heart, so is he.
You are an exact replica of your thoughts.
That's why we say that feelings are mutual.
How you feel about someone, that's how the person feels about you.
What you are thinking about someone, the person is likely to be thinking the same way about you.
Even if the person is nothing immediate, you say with tired, the person will pick you and I say, Lord, you, it's a you.
You are not comfortable with me.
So I'm also not comfortable with you.
Hmm.
The scripture says that he that has many friends, my true, himself friendly.
People who say that I don't have friends.
Nobody likes me.
Nobody talks to me about that.
Hey, hey, hey.
Darling.
Darling, you are the problem.
I'm sorry, but you are the problem.
If you all do have friends, you have to be friendly.
There is nobody working anyway.
Say, me, I'm into friends.
Even if you don't like me, I'm into you.
No, there's nobody like that.
There's nobody like that.
There are people who may have a little bit of extra, you know, they appear usually animated.
They have a little bit of extra, but even those people, they have the heart and they have feelings.
When you don't receive them, you see, they recoil.
They feel like, I'm not wanting to hear.
I'm not wanting to hear.
You see, they go where they are wanted, where they can express themselves, where they can talk, where they can laugh, where you will find their jokes funny.
Yes.
You need someone who will find your jokes funny.
No someone who doesn't find your jokes funny.
Yeah.
So if you want friends, those of you, I was saying that nobody likes you at school, nobody likes you here, nobody likes you.
Look, darling, darling, darling.
If you want friends, be friendly, friendly.
That is, be like a friend.
Be like a friend.
Friendly means like a friend.
Godly means like God.
What other word ends with LY?
Lovely.
Lovely means like love.
What other one is there?
School teacher.
Anyway, he that has many friends must show him so friendly too.
He that's got many friends.
It means it's not a friendly person.
And friendly people usually don't have friends.
They are lonely people.
They are lonese.
Always alone.
I walk alone, I move alone, I think alone.
And they'll be looking at everybody and saying that, I wish also have friends like this.
I wish also, I wish also, I wish they'll be there.
I wish, you wish, wish, wish, wish, wish, wish.
The Bible says that he that has many friends must show himself friendly.
That's the way.
Never blame your classmates that they don't like you.
or blame the whole church, he's done it, the whole church, nobody, how can we know, how can the whole church not like you?
I mean, why?
Are you a prime minister, why?
Why you decided who likes it, who does it like, why?
Well, you're a political leader.
How did we get into this thing, help me?
As a man thinketh, so you see, as a man thinketh, so your thoughts,
Your thoughts is defining who you are as you are thinking.
Is it what you do and what you don't do?
It's based on how you think and how you've been thinking and what you've decided to keep thinking about and meditating on.
That's what you have become.
What you think about you meditate on, you ponder over.
That's what you are becoming.
You see, the more you think about someone who has had to you, the more bitter you become.
That's what they say, word called forgive.
Forgive.
That's what they say.
You see?
Oh, we appreciate it.
We shout, forgive.
Forgive.
Is that forgive?
We beg you.
Forgive.
We are sorry.
Because if when you don't forgive, you become bitter.
Yes, unforgiveness gradually grows and deteriorates into bitterness.
When are you become bitter?
Bitter against someone, bitter against people to know you become bitter against a particular gender or a particular race or a particular group of people from one experience.
Yes.
So sisters, who of us have been in your heart before?
Don't worry.
Are you not aware that since you had, before you had that experience, there was a way to describe what you are.
It means that you're not the first.
Yes.
Before you had, there's a way already a heartbreak.
Yes, there's a way.
So why do you feel so you are the first person to land on the moon?
So don't treat yourself like you're the first and only person who has been disappointed in this love life.
Therefore, you're making a decision based on one experience or a couple of experiences.
And which vest says that your first relationship must work?
I mean, which vest is that?
I mean, come on.
Come on.
Fuck you and clean your brains.
Play your mind off that rubbish.
I mean, who have you said that is your third relationship that must work?
Who have you said that?
With best, with best is that, but ask for the third one, it must work.
Who even said, have you read the best, we said, that's what the 10th relation to the 10th?
I don't know, I don't know someone you give yourself loss and principles.
Though you are ruining your life over.
Because I decided you are deciding actually many stuff for men, I'm not for me.
Men are not afraid, what is for you?
Is it like the brother sharing the testimony, who do you want to speak clearly?
He likes females.
I was wondering, female, cat, female, dog, female mosquito, what is he talking about?
You're into females.
So he likes female butterflies, or what?
Female antilopes.
I was wondering, what was he saying?
He should say clearly, he didn't have female, female that part, female lion, female cheetah.
I mean, we don't know.
Female German shepherd, we don't understand.
Go forbid.
So the thoughts of people really sum up who they are.
It sums up with the... Have you seen how difficult it is to be in a relationship with someone who constantly comes up with something negative?
Constantly.
You can't stay with a person.
Because you see, all you're looking for is somewhere to be happy.
You just want to be happy.
Every time you meet the person side, there's a problem.
There's a problem when there's no problem.
A problem you've never thought of, never imagined, never felt, but when you meet side, the person is thinking something bad.
You've gone on your knees, you've proposed, you are the one.
Every time the person is asking you, what about the other person?
Hey!
Is it sad, guys, they wonder, what should I do?
Come and see me, I'll tell you what to do.
No, as I come and see me, I'll tell you what to do.
You haven't told me your problem.
Why should I come and let it out?
Have you told me that you have such a problem?
It's difficult to be with someone who always has a negative imagination.
Isn't what God said?
Look, the imagination of man is evil, continually.
Therefore, I have replied that he has regretted that he ever made man.
So I'm going to destroy everybody.
Because their thoughts are bad.
It's like, you see, every time there's something bad about their relationship, no, no, no, no, no.
Then I don't want this relationship again.
Because I have to be free.
I like you.
I want to marry you.
You are asking about somebody else every morning.
It's like we can't be happy.
We are sitting in a restaurant, eating, happily, happily eating.
It's not talking about something nice, so.
That lady was the last time he spoke to him.
You feel like lifting the tip.
Yes.
Because your negative thoughts are destroying something beautiful.
Something nice, your negative thoughts are too much.
The negative thinking is too much.
It's too much.
It's destroying a beautiful thing.
Never settle with somebody with bad mind.
Never.
Don't say I didn't tell you.
Momentally, you're supposed to be happy.
It's telling you to cross-examination.
Happiness moment.
You see, it's bright and sunny.
You want a stroll.
You want a stroll around the Thames, on the bridges.
Strolling, licking ice cream.
And chatting, walking hand in hand.
Telling jokes that are not funny, but she's forcing to laugh.
Just to encourage you.
And then instead of having a happy experience, you've become fast accused.
Questions to answer.
Things to explain.
Are you sure you like me?
Are you sure?
But I had you like that girl before so are you overhead?
I mean come on I mean come on I mean stop it
somebody's wife.
I don't want to tell you who.
Somebody wife.
Someone's wife.
Ask him.
If I'm drowning with your mum.
Which of us will you see?
You see, but when, when she asked that question, the spirit of the Lord came upon the husband.
And he said, I will save the one I'll reach first.
The spirit of wisdom came upon him.
Because if he sees a look, and he gets to this one face and goes by and says, he would turn into a medra.
I'll save the one first.
The one I got too fast, I'll save the one, and I'll go back for the next one.
She didn't have anything to say again.
She just said, ah, okay.
Ah, okay.
Sit down, sit down.
So it's your thoughts that prevent you from doing something good.
And it's also your thought and your imaginations that destroy beautiful things that God has blessed you with, beautiful things, nice things that God has blessed you with.
Look at this, look at Philippians chapter four, verse eight.
It says that finally brethren, whatsoever things are true.
Listen, if you have paid attention to the list, it says, what do I think are true?
What do I think are honest?
What do I think are just?
What's where things are pure?
What's where things are lovely?
What's so ever things are of good report?
If there be any virtue, do you understand virtue?
Darling, give it to me in English.
Is there any excellence?
I mean, it's like to do well.
to do well in any field in anything, to do well to excel, to excel.
If there'll be any exercise, then if there'll be anything worthy of praise, worthy of commendation.
What should you do?
Well, the King James says, thank you.
In other words, to do well, to excel, to be praised,
to be congratulated, to be seen, to be doing well.
Your thinking must be right.
If there will be any excellence, if there will be anything worthy of praise, worthy of praise, he says that.
Thinking on something is a dwelling on it.
That's what, when someone is full of some thoughts, the person dwells on that issue, stays with it,
The person will stay with it.
You will take the person who will bring you back to that issue.
That's what the person is thinking about.
No matter how hard you try.
Those are the people you say, sorry, I am sorry.
I am sorry.
I mean, I am sorry.
But the person is not accepting the apology.
So the person will be dwelling on the issue and revisiting the issue.
I'm sorry.
What else can I do?
It's dwelling on it, dwelling.
We are here on this point.
We are here.
We'll discuss this until I am happy.
And that person will never be happy.
If there be any praise, if there be any virtue, excellence, anything worthy of praise, it's your thinking.
It's your thinking that makes you grumpy.
That makes you moody.
That's nothing.
What else is there?
It's not the way you think.
That's what gives you those mood swings.
That's what I said for some things.
Get a Dyson vacuum cleaner and suck all the rubbish out of your head.
You'll be a nicer person.
Or you'll be a nicer person.
You be a nice person.
Not too married.
Don't worry about married.
Nobody's in a hurry to marry you.
As you be a nicer human being.
For God, for God to even use and God to even work through you.
Get a vacuum cleaner, suck baby, I do come up through your ears.
Suck that nonsense out of your ears.
And I'm saying, I'm not talking about marriage.
I'm talking about life, just life.
If it just being around, if it to be a good wacker, a good person around, suck the rubbish out of your head.
You'll be a nicer person, a nicer person.
You'll be a sweet person, sweet.
How many of you would like to meet sweet people?
Any time I bought a flight, one of my secret brands is that, may the aircrew be sweet,
If they be sweet, I was born in a particular airline once, and somebody told you that this airline, the people are horrible.
She said, number one, the ladies are older, and they are like strict, strict head mistresses.
So I became my prayer topic, as I was telling you, I was waiting to board.
And then what did I see, lo and behold?
Grandmothers.
Come in.
If you want your passing food, they don't smile, they don't know.
I said, my Lord and my God, today, today, it's over for me on this way.
It's over.
They won't be nice to shout that das, they will scream at das.
But you know what happened.
They were so sweet.
I made grandma was so sweet.
Grandma was so sweet.
How are you?
Are you okay?
Do you want to sleep?
Do you want to do this?
Do you want to eat?
Do you want more?
I missed grandma.
Oh, I said, okay.
Grandma and I want to put in your pocket and take home.
She was so sweet, so so lovely.
But my thinking, even I'm sure the first time she was approaching my seat, I was like,
that I'm ready to fight.
It's just a thinking.
What you're thinking?
You are right, you are right in the room.
Nobody has seen, nobody has asked you a question.
The first time they see you for that day, are you already grumpy?
What are you thinking?
What are you thinking that the people are thinking?
So bad thoughts that prevent people from typing number one.
I think we can't even go home now, isn't it?
So these are the kind of parts that people have that is non-tivous.
Why they don't tithe?
Number one, they think, I end too little to pay tithe.
I end too little to pay tithe on.
Matthew 25, that's 24.
They're here which are received V1 talent.
The one who said,
I have only one talent.
It's not enough to do anything with it.
Others have been given five.
I have just one.
That guy came and said, Lord, I knew thee, that thou art and had man, reaping where thou hast no soul, and gathering where thou hast no soul.
Is it the same place that the others came to him, and their speech concerning him was different?
The same person, but you're thinking about him or your attitude or your behavior towards him is based on the thoughts you have about him.
He's thinking that you'll give me one talent.
I don't have enough to do it.
I don't have enough.
I just have one.
He says, oh, who doesn't tie the message?
I don't have any much.
I don't have much.
I don't say I'm a student.
But yes, remember, you have weeks.
You have weight, you have shoes.
We see you eating in places.
You are still a student.
Places that your mom has never been before.
You've been there.
Yes, but you're a student.
You are a student.
Your mama has iPhone 4.
Look at what you have.
Just for S. Please elaborate for me.
Five SE.
Yes.
But it's a nice phone.
It's a good phone.
Is he or is he a student?
He don't know why he should laugh or not.
Look, don't make me laugh, I'm preaching.
And then we all can talk.
Because now you can see the wet carpet, whatever, this way he has.
You say you're a student, you can't pay tax because you do end much, but you don't have this.
Is it been funny to you that somebody has a young wonder?
I mean, how?
It's almost like when a message comes, can he read it?
Or when a phone call comes, can he hear what is being said?
They are always laughing at him.
They always teasing him, that is his fault.
And he's also determined that he would change it.
Yes.
I'm a student.
So I can't pay time.
Are you pay for other things?
So the reason why you're not paying time is not because you're a little or because you're a student, because you don't want to.
Because you don't believe it.
Because you haven't understood it.
That's why you say I'm a student.
That's why I don't do this.
It's not about studenting.
Every weekend you have the babies.
Do it to do shape up.
They're doing shape up.
I'm a today chat for shape up now.
Answer, answer.
20 pounds.
Every weekend shape up.
Count the number of weeks in a year, times 20.
1,040.
If I give you 1,040, will you go take it?
But a student, a student does shape up every weekend.
When it gets to type it, it's like, no.
to have a job.
The lady was a student girl who said, I have to get my nails done.
I have to get my hair done.
What was the extra hair that they put on their forehead?
What's it called?
What?
No, no, no, the extra one.
French.
Doesn't it mean edges?
Edges.
Edges, yes, edges.
I know teens, I know teens.
The days where I didn't know much is gone.
Now I know things.
You see the edges.
They paid for edges.
You paid extra for edges, isn't it?
For them to stick it there.
Yes.
Frontiers.
Front what?
Frontal.
Ah, frontal.
Okay, frontal.
is it frontal frontal frontal frontal frontal okay yes but is that different from edges there's frontal and they are edges so what was it different edges is natural they just take it there for you and then frontal is what frontal look
It looks like it's your hair, but it's not your hair, so it's stick down, and then it looks like it's actually your hair, but it's not, but you see the dots, you see the neck.
You see the neck to the front house, but the edges is your hair that is pulled there, then it's this.
Okay.
It's a lot of weco.
Why don't you?
Why don't we just come as you are?
Look, listen.
You see, one day, a lady came from a honeymoon.
And she said, our first night, the first morning, that's morning after.
She said, do we know what her husband said?
We said, no, we're not there.
She said, he said, thank God, you look the same.
Yes.
So those of you who don't look the same when you wake up, you look different, as you are now, he's in for a treat.
So as the husband was walking there, beloved those in this, his secret prayer was he, his skill.
Is this what she is?
So the morning after, they walked that Sunday morning.
Look how they looked at, looked at her.
He's all saying, hi, darling, sweetheart, honey.
He said, thank God, you look at the same.
Look at the same.
Look at the same without all the things like it's you.
It's like it's you.
What I saw in church is the same.
You're still you.
You receive it, brother.
Maybe your portion may not be swept.
May not get to where the place is now taking her eyelashes off, taking her wiggle, plucking her nails off, then taking her teeth out.
And then remove it.
And then finally, I'm going to pick it off.
Number two.
The bad thoughts of non-titus.
Can you already see that the way you think is denying you of many things?
Think I don't have money.
But you have enough to do a lot of things.
Because you've been doing things.
We've been watching you since first year.
Since college days, you do things.
You spend on what you have decided to spend on.
The second one is, I end too much to pay tithe.
I end too much.
Yes.
Your scripture says that here that is faithful and little, be faithful and much.
So the student who can tithe is the same person when he gets the big job, who will not be able to tithe.
Yeah.
When you're faithful and little, you'll be faithful and much.
So the reason for notice is not because it's too little or it's too much.
Because the people who have also said, I am too much to tell.
Somebody asked once, do you know how much I am?
In others, do you know 10% of my income?
Do you know what it is?
That I should take it and bring you to God.
Are you still here?
You've traveled.
You're here.
I can see you, so you're here.
First chronicles to the 29, verse 14.
It says, but who am I?
And what is my people that we should be able to offer soul willingly after this sort?
For all things,
Come of thee, and of thine own have we given thee."
I mean, it's David not a very cute person.
I mean, he's brought God on offer, and he's saying to God, look, who am I to even be able to give anything?
What I have, what I have is not even, it's not even mine, it's yours.
And then he said, what is yours?
It's what we have taken out of what is yours.
And we've brought it back to you as though we are giving you something.
So it's almost like God, God, look, even as we are giving, we have not even given anything.
And that is the truth.
And that's the mind you must have.
But even as you are giving, you should be telling yourself, I'm not giving anything.
I'm not giving anything.
I'm taking what God is like.
It's like a little child, it's like a little child, giving the mother or giving the father a bed they gift.
Yeah.
I mean, come on.
Where did you get that money from?
It's not that it's money.
If whatever can't do Daddy have voted, I got you a card.
Let me see the handwriting.
The money held your hand to even write, to write Daddy.
And what you are bringing, what you are bringing, the gesture.
It's just a gesture to show that, look, I appreciate you.
But it's not that you have something and you are giving anything.
So how can you say that you have too much?
The scripture says, what is that you have that you do not receive?
What is that you have?
It's too much.
We are doing 10%, we are doing 5%.
When God decides to reduce your percentage in life,
God forbid it shall never be your story."
One day, I said to my wife, come to see me.
Her issue is that her husband says that she should not pay tithe.
He will pay tithe.
He said, in the house, they should not pay too tithe.
Do you understand?
Say, when he pays tithes, it has covered all of them in the house.
So I said to her,
Go tell, I remember the words of Jesus.
So I said, go tell the fox.
Fox is a symbol of some of the things it's clever.
God, God won't destroy you.
He's about to give you one income in the house.
So when you pay one type, it's genuine.
That's the message of God.
I said, go tell the fox that prepare yourself.
Don't be two incomes coming into the house.
Don't be one.
So when you actually do it, it's genuine and real.
by his message, I said, go, get up, go, go, and tell the folks that he should expect it.
Figure out, clever, isn't it?
It's too much.
It's too much, but when you are receiving, it's not too much.
And God bless you, it's a job, bless your wife, it's a job, Boston, we have a job, we work here, we end this, that one is not too much.
But to unlock God, and to even give to God, what is, what he has given to you, he saves too much.
You said, don't do, I will do what I do on behalf of you.
I said, no problem, no problem.
God will make it real for you.
Real for you.
May He, I said, may He make it real for you, may He make it real so that you are safe from sinning.
I just, you have to keep your mother back, okay?
Yeah.
First Corinthians 4-7 says that, for who make a vow to differ from another?
And what has thou, that thou didst not receive?
What are you, how do you not receive?
Everything you have was given to you.
Every day I was given to you.
Even faith to believe in God was given to you.
Even faith to go to church, I go to church, I believe in God.
It was given to you.
What is it that you have, that you did not receive?
Everything we have received it.
There's nothing that we can boast about or brother.
It is us.
It is not you.
It's the grace of God.
So why will you not want to honor God with what you have and what has been given to you?
Point number three.
Hmm.
Wow.
Which one do you want?
Okay, number three is number three.
Let's do number three.
I am not a fool.
I will never pay tight.
saying the point I address in people's thoughts.
I am not a fool, isn't it?
But do you know why you say you're not a fool?
Do you know why you say that?
It's a thinking.
It's your thinking of someone is cheating you.
Or someone is stealing from you.
Or someone is taking something from you, they shouldn't be thinking.
They shouldn't be taking.
So thinking again, you're having oblique thoughts
You are thinking in a negative, negative thoughts are very destructive.
To feel comfortable, I want a few, I want a few, I want a few, I want a few, I want a few, I want a few, I want a few, I want a few, I want a few, I want a few, I want a few, I want a few, I want a few, I want a few, I want a few, I want a few, I want a few, I want a few, I want a few, I want a few, I want a few, I want a few, I want a few, I want a few, I want a few, I want a few, I want a few, I want a few, I want a few, I want a few, I want a few, I want a few, I want a few, I want a few, I want a few, I want a few, I want a few, I want a few, I want a few, I want a few, I want a few, I want
Even your relationship with whoever your relationship, your beloved, your husband, your wife, your whatever that you have.
You can easily be in a relationship and think that I'm not a fool.
I'm not a fool, so I won't do certain things.
Because I am not a fool.
I think it's bad thoughts.
You are rather destroying a beautiful thing.
I thought you start thinking, I am not a fool.
I'm not a fool.
It was my best.
What did he do for me?
I won't do anything.
Meanwhile, meanwhile, if we check motives, you see that.
Perhaps he or she sincerely forgot or it's not the birthday type.
During some birthday time, hasn't even got that background.
So the person hasn't got malicious thoughts that I will not celebrate your day.
But now you, because of your bad thoughts, are becoming malicious, have the negative thoughts becoming bitter, angry because you know what is wrong.
You know, it's a nice thing.
You are supposed to do it.
She or he or she or she or she him doesn't know.
The people who that adds and God, so the message is just living freely, free-spirited.
But you are saying, hey, little Husky, look, all these things that I did for you.
When it's my turn, you couldn't even remember.
You couldn't even remember.
Hey!
I went to wish someone happy anniversary, happy with the anniversary, and unfortunately I sent the text to the wife, and I sent the text around 10 p.m.
It was very late at night, and I just remembered, oh, today's the anniversary.
I said, oh, happy anniversary, guys, like, bless.
You should see the response I got.
Thank you, Pastor.
Thank you that you have remembered.
Look at the time, it's 10 p.m.
He has no idea if he remembered that today's anniversary.
I say, hey, what is this that I have done?
If I had known I should have just slept.
Hey, did you see that?
Thank you, Pastor.
So I quickly had to call to calm down.
What is that?
Look, it's okay.
But then I called.
He's here.
I've told him, I've told him that you have remembered, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey,
I said, you know what?
You know what?
Relax.
There are things that you also not be able to do.
There are things that you also forget.
Do this full of anger at everything.
Relax.
There are things that you can't do and you won't do and you won't remember.
Don't take him up as far as he's there.
He's the firstborn of demons.
So each time you are thinking, someone is cheating you.
We destroy beautiful things.
You destroy your relationship with God by saying that I'm not a fool.
You're not thinking about things that are true, honest, just, pale, lovely, lovely.
It's a nice thought to think that someone is deceiving you and wants to take your money from you.
It's a nice thought.
What were we doing before you joined the church?
I mean, is it a nice thought to have someone?
Someone is a thief.
He's coming.
He's coming to God.
He's a common man.
He's a lovely thought.
It's not a good report.
It's not fair.
Is it fair for that lady to have thought of her husband?
That he's a wicked guy.
He doesn't want to remember his wicked of everything that he has done.
Which I don't want to list.
The wicked man, this loyal man is a faithful.
He didn't remember that verse at his 10 PM, a pastor has remembered.
Pastor has remembered.
I've just told him, I've just told him that you have remembered.
If you, you have remembered.
Hey.
And then another country, far away, I'm taking my phone, made this fire call to make sure that I've not discovered the water is fire.
He says, yes, remember, he's all the way, he's all the way, long done, he has remembered.
You are sitting here with me, you can't remember, but that today's the best way.
What all problem is this?
I said, take a vacuum cleaner, put it on your ear, and suck out all the rubbish.
Take out all the rubbish, all the rubbish, all the negative thoughts.
All the negative thoughts.
Someone went out with a beloved.
What do you think gets a beloved to be with you?
A beloved.
And a beloved falls asleep on the way.
It's like an F, it's like an F quick.
The whole country has to hear of it.
He has slept.
He's like a fatist priestess.
to the relationship spot.
Over sleep, you know.
Is it a sin to sleep?
She said, look, it's like this beautiful princess.
How can you sleep in the presence of such glory?
So after a while, it is sometimes when time passes by, he becomes wiser and more mature.
God found their way and glued them together again.
He used to put glue this time.
No nails.
He glued them together again.
So I asked, is this too sleeping?
Oh, and she sent me a picture.
She was asleep.
And she added this time, I offered my shoulder to him to sleep on.
I gave him my shoulder, sleep, sleep.
So I responded and said, you have become wise.
He said, no, this time I gave him my shoulder, you should see him.
You see them, I think, on the train or a bus, you see when he's open your head.
But he has got the shoulder.
And he also said, will you even get for someone to sleep around you and put his head on your shoulder?
Will you even get?
When you suck in the face, are your shoulders were free?
I guess somebody to be there in the presence of sleep.
Do you know how many people would like?
Do you know the interpretation or gift to a dozer that he's very relaxed in my company, in my presence?
He's himself.
Yes.
He's all having bath thoughts and said that I'm boring.
He doesn't like me.
The other place is when he's with the other people, other girls that he's chatting, that he's laughing when he gets to me, that he's sleeping.
Because when he gets to you, he's relaxed.
He feels this is it.
This is the place.
This is my destination.
I'm at home here.
I feel like if they're sleeping giant and see, somebody would take B.R., you'd be shocked.
Anytime they are going, as you see, I come with a pillow.
When I say, what I do that person, ask for my guy.
He will sleep.
So I want the pillow for you.
I want the pillow.
You are angry.
Someone will see the funny and the nice side of it.
She will become with the pillow.
If you say, we'll come and sleep.
She will then give him a nickname.
Say, this is something.
You'll sleep in my lap.
I'm not delightful at all, but.
She said, this is my sleeping giant.
But then we are coming back here.
Here we go.
This is my seat.
So I have a special pillow for him.
Special pillow for him.
My seat depends on how you are thinking, isn't it?
You will not easily think that way.
You say, hey, stop sleeping.
Stand to your feet.
We have to go.
No, no, you stand to your feet.
I also have some requests that I'll be making in the near future.
So, a few stand to your feet.
Let me be obedient today.
Stand to your feet.
All bad thoughts are going out of your head.
All negative thoughts are going out of your head.
I'm never going to be free, tithes, free with good mind.
I mean, I've seen that your thinking is destroying beautiful things in your life.
And especially your relationship with God.
Somebody has told you those pastors, their thieves, those churches.
It's all, it's all, it's all, it's all kicked in your head, kicked in your head.
What were we doing before you came?
Well, we're not eating.
Don't bring yourself.
Don't let me also have bad thoughts about you.
Pray for yourself that all bad thoughts will clear from your mind.
And you'll be a giver, a blessed giver.
Pray for yourself.
Pray, bind and cast out every negative thought.
Cast every negative seed that's been sown in your heart and your mind about tithing, about giving.
Cast it.
Cast it out.
Cast it down imaginations.
Cast it down, cast it out.
It will not stay with you.
It will not be with you.
Destroy it.
You know yourself.
You know who you are.
Destroy it.
Something is keeping you away from being blessed.
Satan is keeping you away from being blessed and prospering and doing well.
Pray, bind it, block it, cast it out of yourself of your mind.
Pray, pray, don't hold back, pray, speak, speak, speak, casting down imaginations, casting down imaginations.
Every negative thought, every wicked thought.
Pray, speak, speak against it, condemn it, be freed, be liberated.
From the back to the front, everybody praying.
Everybody praying.
Everybody speaking.
Praying for yourself.
Casting down negative thoughts, wicked thoughts, wicked imaginations.
Layer two hands on your head.
Father, we pray.
Let every negative thought, every seed of wickedness, consenting finances, consenting given, consenting relationships, consenting Christianity, consenting our work with you Lord.
Any negative seed that has been sown in the mind and the hearts of these ones, I cast it out in the name of Jesus.
I cast it down in the name of Jesus.
I declare a kiss unto withering for those thoughts, Lord, may the wither and disappear from the minds, the minds of these people, Lord.
Thank you, Father.
Fill your people with the Holy Spirit.
Let their minds and their hearts be filled with the Holy Spirit.
Fill them with faith.
Fill them with believing.
fill them with a heart and a mind that believes in your wed Lord.
Let Satan be destroyed.
Let every wicked spirit be destroyed in your life, Lord.
Let these minds and hearts be clear, Lord, to believe in you, to believe in your wed and to walk in your will.
Thank you for your blessing.
Thank you for healing and thank you for miracles in the name of Jesus.
Now, while every eye is closed and every head is bowed, this afternoon, very quickly, I want to pray with you.
You are here.
Somebody invited you to church, or you've been going to church, but deep in your heart, you know you don't have a relationship with God.
Today, you want to say, Pastor, pray with me.
I want my sins to be forgiven.
I want my sins to be washed away.
Pastor, please pray with me.
I want to give my life to Jesus.
If you're here like that, while every eye is closed, every head is bowed.
Say, Pastor, pray with me.
I want to give my life to Jesus today.
Very quickly, lift up your right hand wherever you are.
Lift up your right hand very quickly.
Very quickly.
God bless you.
Your right hand.
Lift up high so I can see you.
Pastor, pray with me.
I need Jesus in my heart.
I need Jesus to be the Lord of my life.
I want my sins to be forgiven.
I want my sins to be washed away.
I want to be a child of God.
I need the love of God.
Pastor, please pray with me.
While every high school that we had is about just your right hand, and I'll pray with you.
I want Jesus in my life.
I want to be born again.
I want to be saved.
You also want to join in.
You want to say yes.
I want to say yes to the Lord.
Keep it up.
Don't put your hand down.
You also want to join in.
Join and say yes.
Pastor, I need Jesus today.
I need Jesus.
I want Jesus to be the Lord of my life.
Please pray with me.
Just your right hand.
I pray with you.
This is your moment.
This is your day.
Just your right hand and I'll pray with you.
God bless you.
I see your hands.
Now, if you have your hand lifted up, I want to do one more thing.
I want to come to me right here in the front.
Come.
Come out of your seat.
Even if you didn't lift up your hand, but you want to give your life to Jesus, come as well.
Come.
Come quickly.
Come from wherever you are.
Come very quickly.
Yes, come.
Come and join us here in the front.
Yes, there is room for you.
Come, I'm waiting for you.
From wherever you are, come quickly.
Come to Jesus.
Welcome to Jesus.
I'm waiting one more.
Yes, come to Jesus.
Thank you Jesus.
Sing it.
Close your eyes with me everybody.
Let's see this prayer together.
Say with me, say, Heavenly Father, thank you for Jesus who died on the cross for my sins and rose up on the third day.
Now say, Lord Jesus, I believe you are alive.
Please come into my heart.
Be the Lord of my life.
I accept you today.
I receive you today as my Lord and my personal Savior.
Heavenly Father, please wash my sins away.
Please forgive me of everything.
Please write my name in the Book of Life.
Now say thank you, Father, for accepting me and making me a child of yours.
in Jesus' name.
Say thank you Father.
Thank you for salvation.
Thank you for Jesus.
And thank you for today.
In Jesus' name.
Amen.
Shout your biggest amen.
Now shout your loudest amen.
God bless you.
Those of you in front, look at me, at the close of sevens, we just want to see you briefly right here, you know where these
yellow men and women are just come right here.
We'll talk to you briefly before you go back to your seat.
So as soon as we end the service, just make your way here and we'll speak to you briefly before you go back.
God bless you.
Go back to your seats now.
Clap for them as they go back.
Communion, communion, communion, communion.
Let us pray for yourself.
Lay hands on your heart and pray for yourself that a miracle will happen for you today, a miracle.
There'll be a change in your life.
a change, pray.
Something will change.
Something will change today.
Something will change in your life today.
Pray.
Maybe your nature, maybe your character.
Maybe there's a weakness, there's a struggle, a secret struggle.
There's nothing too little for God.
There's nothing too big for God to do for you.
Prayer about it.
Talk to him about it.
He's listening.
He's listening to your prayer.
You heal him.
He's healing you.
Yes.
Pray for yourself.
It's about you.
You.
Pray for yourself.
The blood was shed for you.
Use it today.
For strength.
For cleansing.
Yes.
For healing.
Yes Lord.
of sicknesses, of diseases, of weaknesses.
It's healing you.
Yes, Lord.
Thank you, Father.
Father, thank you for this blessed opportunity.
I declare this is the body of Christ.
And this is the blood of Jesus.
Father, let me bring strength.
Let it bring victory.
Let it bring healing into the lives of your people in Jesus' name.
The body of Christ.
Eat all of it.
The precious blood of Jesus.
Drink all of it.
Father, thank you.
Like Jesus said on the cross, it is finished.
Let that be the testimony of your people.
Let that be our portion.
Let every unpleasant experience be brought to an end.
Let every shame, disgrace, difficulty be taken far from our lives, Lord.
Let every sickness, every disease,
be healed permanently today in the mighty name of Jesus.
Let failure be canceled.
Let struggles be canceled.
Let every unresolved issues receive a solution today by the blood of Jesus.
Thank you for the blessing.
Thank you for this great blessing of the communion.
Thank you so much Bishop Richard for yet another powerful and life-changing service.
Remember you can listen to this message and many others on the First Love Church UK podcast.
Be sure to join us right here again next week at the Kensington Conference and Events Centre at 1.30pm.
Until then, have a blessed week.
We hope that you've been blessed by this message.
For more information, follow us on social media.
Search for First Love Church London on Facebook and YouTube.
And First Love UK on Twitter and Instagram.
Have a blessed week.